Counselling Schedule for Document Verification for M.E./M.Tech Courses
– Session 2025-26
Date: 08-09-2025(Monday) Reporting Time: 10:00 am
Venue: UIET, Panjab University, Chandigarh
Powered By EmbedPress
|| 29-08-2025 ||
NOTICE
||
Applications are invited from all eligible candidates (GATE and Non-GATE) for admission to the vacant seats in
M.E./M.Tech. programmes
at
UIET, Panjab University, Chandigarh
.
Seat M
atrix
Last Date for Submission of Application
: 05.09.2025 (Friday)
Counselling Date
: 08.09.2025 (Monday)
Venue
: UIET, Panjab University, Chandigarh
The application form is available at the following link
:
https://forms.gle/8PUJPvkavpXrNxwH8
Candidates are required to
fill the form online and upload the duly filled application form in the Google Form only
.
All interested candidates must ensure submission within the stipulated time.
Updated on 21-08-2025:
Provisional Admission List for ME/M.Tech – Session 2025-26
The provisional admission list for ME/M.Tech. for the session 2025-26 is hereby notified. Candidates provisionally selected are required to deposit their fee as per the details below:
a)
Link to the fee portal:
https://payonline.puchd.ac.in/
b)
Fee Code:
T0500
, fee details as provided in admission list
c)
Last date to deposit fee:
24.08.2025
d)
Submission of Fee Receipt: Candidates must e-mail a scanned copy of the fee receipt to the e-mail ID mentioned in the admission list. The subject line of the email should be:
“M.E. Admission Fee Receipt”
Commencement of Classes:
25.08.2025
Provisional Admission List for ME/M.Tech Branch wise as follow for the Session 2025-26
M.E. Information Technology
M.E. Computer Science and Engineering
M.E. Cyber Security
M.E. Electronics and Communication Engineering
M.E.  Biotechnology
M.E. Electrical Engineering (Power System)
M.E. Mechanical Engineering
M.Tech. Micro Electronics
Updated Provisional Merit List for M.E./M. Tech Admissions Session 2025–2026, Counselling scheduled on 13th August 2025 at UIET, PU, Chandigarh
M.E. Information Technology GATE Based
M.E. Information Technology Qualification Based
M.E. Computer Science and Engineering GATE Based
M.E. Computer Science and Engineering Qualification Based
M.E. Cyber Security GATE Based
M.E. Cyber Security Qualification Based
M.E. Electronics and Communication Engineering GATE Based
M.E. Electronics and Communication Engineering Qualification Based
M.E.  Biotechnology GATE Based
M.E.  Biotechnology Qualification Based
M.E. Electrical Engineering (Power System) GATE Based
M.E. Electrical Engineering (Power System) Qualification Based
M.E. Mechanical Engineering GATE Based
M.E. Mechanical Engineering Qualification Based
M. Tech in Material Sciences GATE Based
M. Tech in Material Sciences Qualification Based
M.Tech. Micro Electronics GATE Based
M.Tech. Micro Electronics Qualification Based
Last date to apply for M.E. Admission at UIET has extended upto 17th July 2025.
Please read the below brochure for details
Click here to see the last date extended Notice
Powered By EmbedPress
Click here for Main Admission Website
M.E./M.Tech courses offered:
M.E. Information Technology
M.E. Computer Science and Engineering
M.E. Cyber Security
M.E. Electronics and Communication Engineering
M.E.  Biotechnology
M.E. Electrical Engineering (Power System)
M.E. Mechanical Engineering
M. Tech in Material Sciences
M.Tech. Micro Electronics